chore: fix typos and link broken (#271)
privacy-scaling-explorations/zk-kit: packages/eddsa-proof/README.md

    </h4>
</div>

> | This zero-knowledge library allows you to prove and verify that you have the private key of a Semaphore identity. It will be mainly used on-chain because you can get the same result off-chain using EdDSA signatures with the `@semaphore-protocol/identity` package. It facilitates the demonstration of having an EdDSA hash pre-image while keeping the pre-image value confidential. Additionally, it offers a mechanism to prevent the same proof from being reused. The circuit that forms the foundation of this library is accessible via this [link](https://github.com/privacy-scaling-explorations/zk-kit/tree/main/packages/eddsa-proof). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| This zero-knowledge library allows you to prove and verify that you have the private key of a Semaphore identity. It will be mainly used on-chain because you can get the same result off-chain using EdDSA signatures with the `@semaphore-protocol/identity` package. It facilitates the demonstration of having an EdDSA hash pre-image while keeping the pre-image value confidential. Additionally, it offers a mechanism to prevent the same proof from being reused. The circuit that forms the foundation of this library is accessible via this [link](https://github.com/privacy-scaling-explorations/zk-kit/blob/main/packages/circuits/circom/eddsa-proof.circom). |
```

link was indeed broken, but I think we want to keep linking to the circom file here
